hey what is up guys my name is Norton in
today's video we're going to be going
into the secret and hidden features in
Grand Theft Auto 5 which came with the
ill-gotten gains DLC part 2 as always if
you could be kind enough to leave a like
in the ratings below then it would be
very much appreciated in addition i just
want to mention i am doing a
two-thousand-dollar giveaway so if you
want to get your hands in that and go
and click the link in the description
below but with that said let's get into
the secret and hidden features starting
off the episode we're going to take a
look inside the clothes store and if you
go over to the hat section you'll notice
a whole bunch of new special hats and
the special hats will conclude of every
single beer hat which has ever been
around in Grand Theft Auto 5 for those
of you who have never seen a beer hat
before or don't know what they are or
why they're so rare the beer hats were
only around for certain limited times
only and they were only around in
special crate drops these came out with
certain DLCs and ever since then they
have been incredibly rare in the game
because you couldn't physically get them
anywhere else and even so if you did
want to get these when these were out
you where to get your ass on a special
crate drop which was incredibly
difficult to do anyways so they are now
in the store for you to purchase if you
want to get them and moving on to the
los santos customs rockstar games
actually added three new classical horns
for you to purchase
I can tell these horns are going to
annoy a lot of players but the classical
horn 8 loop 1 and loop two are all new
third on this episode let's get into
approach in t20 and I know this isn't as
much of a secret feature if you are
approaching t20 owner but if you haven't
owned approach in t20 this is one of the
many reasons why you should own this
vehicle this is because the spoiler
which this vehicle is purchased with
will move in according to how fast the
car is going or whether you break or
accelerate it's absolutely beautiful
next up there is a new radio station
added into the game and this is the lab
now the lab was a radio station added
exclusive to pc when the pc issue of the
game was released the lab concluded of a
whole bunch of new tracks whether they
debuted on grand theft auto 5 or whether
it was just new music in itself but
nonetheless having this new radio
station in Grand Theft Auto 5 will now
allow every single user no matter what
platform they're on to mix up their
overall driving experience and have a
whole different outlook on the game
because the music does make a massive
difference by mixing things up speaking
about mixing things up if you go into
the tattoo parlor Rockstar Games added
in 15 new tattoos I'm not going to go
through all of them because it may take
a longer time I don't want to waste too
much time in this video but if you go in
the tattoo parlor you will notice a
whole bunch of new tattoos some of them
are really cool I in fact got one for
myself on this character and I
absolutely love the tattoos Rockstar
added in soap I recommend you guys go
over to the tattoo parlor and check out
exactly what they have in store because
they do genuinely have some good things
and wrapping up this episode let's get
into two more secret features which
Rockstar Games add it in and that is
that for anyone on the xbox 360 or the
PlayStation 3 the most mutual will now
flash on your radar I'm not too sure why
they make the icon flash but that is
what Rockstar have done I'm not too sure
why it's only on the xbox 360 and
playstation 3 maybe there was an issue
over there or something like that Bert
Rockstar decided to add in a new
flashing icon for the Moors mutual on
the xbox 360 and a playstation 3 you
will also have the ability to create
races and missions inside the military
base and airport when you are in the
Creator mode I'm not too sure why
Rockstar didn't allow us to do this
beforehand but they have now allowed us
to create races and missions
inside the military base and the airport
which I'm sure will make a massive
difference to the game because I know
when I'm trying to create low
submissions and I try and do them in the
military base I am really really annoyed
that I can't so I'm so happy Rockstar
enabled these I'm not too sure why they
were disabled but forever reason they
were now they are enabled so guys if you
did enjoy this episode and if you do
want more secret and hidden features in
the old gotten gains DLC part to be sure
to leave a like in the ratings blow the
more likes I see the more support I know
you have on these types of episodes and
I'm more than happy to bring out more
and more of these throughout the day and
throughout the week but guys if you did
enjoy be sure to subscribe so you never
miss out in any more content like this i
also want to urge you guys that if you
do know any other secret and hidden
features in Grand Theft Auto 5 which
came out with the ill-gotten gains DLC
part 2 then go and let me know down in
the comments I would love to know any
other secret and hidden features because
you guys may teach me stuff which I
don't already know so you could be
featured in the next episode and I
really want to see if we can get
everything cleared in this small series
trying to find all the secret and hidden
features in the ill-gotten gains DLC
part 2 but guys it has been naught I
hope you did enjoy and you guys rock